Increment version for core releases (#30758)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/formrecognizer/azure-ai-formrecognizer/README.md

result = poller.result()

for idx, document in enumerate(result.documents):
    print(f"--------Analyzing document #{idx + 1}--------")
    print(f"Document has type {document.doc_type}")

>     print(f"Document has document type confidence {document.confidence}")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    print(f"Document has confidence {document.confidence}")
```

Reviewer 2: This needs to be fixed in the samples. Let's fix it in separate PR.

    print(f"Document was analyzed with model with ID {result.model_id}")
    for name, field in document.fields.items():
        field_value = field.value if field.value else field.content
        print(
            f"......found field of type '{field.value_type}' with value '{field_value}' and with confidence {field.confidence}"
        )

# iterate over tables, lines, and selection marks on each page
for page in result.pages:
    print(f"\nLines found on page {page.page_number}")
    for line in page.lines:
        print(f"...Line '{line.content}'")
    for word in page.words:

>         print(f"...Word '{word.content}' has a confidence of {word.confidence}")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        printf("...Word '{word.content}' has a confidence of {word.confidence}")
```
